.TH SIMPLE_SHELL "25 August 2021" "0.01" "simple shell man page"


.SH NAME
.B Simple Shell
Command-line Interpreter (shell)

.SH SYNOPSIS
simple_shell


.SH DESCRIPTION
An sh-compatible command language interpreter that executes commands read from the standard input or from a file.


.SH ARGUMENTS
If arguments remain after option processing, the first argument is assumed to be the name of a file containing shell commands. Sodash reads and executes commands from this file, then exits. simple_shell exit status is the exit status of the last command executed in the script. If no commands are executed, the exit status is 0.
.SH INVOCATION
simple_shell is started with the standard input connected to the terminal, the interactive mode is executed. Also non-interactively option can be executed.
When simple_shell is executed interactively, the prompt is displayed. To read any command, the command line argument is invoked and is treated as the first argument.


.SH OVERVIEW
simple_shell is a command line interpreter.


.SH BUILTINS
The following builtin commands are supported

.B cd
it Changes the current directory of the process.

.B env
it prints the current environment

.B exit
it exits the shell

.B help
it displays information about builtin commands.

.B setenv
it initializes a new environment variable, or modifies an existing one

.B unsetenv
Removes an environment variable


.B history
Displays the history list

.SH BUGS
No known bugs.

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Create a github issue at https://github.com/smithjilks/simple_shell

.SH SEE ALSO
access(2), chdir(2), execve(2), _exit(2), exit(3), fflush(3), fork(2), free(3), isatty(3), getcwd(3), malloc(3), open(2), read(2), sh(1), signal(2), stat(2), wait(2), write(2)
Simple_shell\fR takes basic functionality of the \fBsh\fR shell. This man page is based on the man page bash(1)


.SH AUTHOR
Jilks Smith, Paul Kilutu

.SH DATE
Written on Aug 26th, 2021.

.SH COPYRIGHT
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.